in this lecture,
we'd like to build out a response to the exit Command.
As you can see,
our current responder simply says you asked for exit if we start up the app,
we can see this in effect.
If we entered the word exit,
it just tells us what we asked for.
We want to modify this responder to actually kill this entire process.
So I'm going to get rid of this console log and change it to process Don exit and then pass
it.
Zero.
We talked about this command a moment before because it's the same that we're using down
here when we bind to the event that the user has tried to close to see Ally.
As I mentioned,
when we put that in,
we're using process,
which is the same global that we used to get the note.
Environmental variables were calling for the exit function that it has built in,
and we're passing an exit code.
Zero by convention tends to mean there was no issue.
Any other code will have application specific meaning.
But generally speaking,
a non zero code,
it's a problem or is an error.
Zero is fine,
so let's start the app back up.
Enter the exit command and you can see were returned to the command.
Prompt.
We can start the at back up again,
exit command again and were brought back.
So as you can see,
exit does pretty much the same thing as if we pressed control,
see,
or whatever your shortcut would be on your terminal to kill the currently running
application.
So this is a very small lecture.
That's all we had to do in the next lecture.
We can move on to filling in the response to the user,
asking for help.
So let's move on to the next lecture.